add LRU cache (#35)
CliMA/ClimaUtilities.jl: docs/src/index.md

serve regridded fields at a given time upon request. The main interface for
`DataHandling` is `regridded_snapshot(data_handler, date)`, a function that
returns a `Field` with data read from file for the given `date`. The
`DataHandler` maintains an LRU cache of regridded fields to amortize the cost of
(expensive) regridding operations.

### `DataStructures`

The `DataStructures` module implements helpful data structures to be used by
other ClimaUtilities.jl modules or external packages. Currently it contains an

> LRU cache that is used in `DataHandlingExt` and `NCFileReaderExt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
least recently used cache that is used in `DataHandlingExt` and `NCFileReaderExt`.
```
